README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://flarum.org/img/logo.png"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/flarum/core"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/flarum/core.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/flarum/core"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/flarum/core/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/flarum/core"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/flarum/core/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/flarum/core"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/flarum/core/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Flarum

**[Flarum](https://flarum.org/) is a delightfully simple discussion platform for your website.** It's fast and easy to use, with all the features you need to run a successful community. It is designed to be:

* **Fast and simple.** No clutter, no bloat, no complex dependencies. Flarum is built with PHP so it’s quick and easy to deploy. The interface is powered by Mithril, a performant JavaScript framework with a tiny footprint.

* **Beautiful and responsive.** This is forum software for humans. Flarum is carefully designed to be consistent and intuitive across platforms, out-of-the-box.

* **Powerful and extensible.** Customize, extend, and integrate Flarum to suit your community. Flarum’s architecture is amazingly flexible, with a powerful Extension API.

## Installation

This repository contains Flarum's core code. If you want to set up a forum, visit the [Flarum skeleton repository](https://github.com/flarum/flarum).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to Flarum! Please read the **[Contributing guide](https://flarum.org/docs/contributing.html)** to learn how you can help.

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Flarum, please send an e-mail to [security@flarum.org](mailto:security@flarum.org). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

Flarum is open-source software licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/flarum/flarum/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Link to security policy from README

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://flarum.org/img/logo.png"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/flarum/core"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/flarum/core.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/flarum/core"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/flarum/core/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/flarum/core"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/flarum/core/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/flarum/core"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/flarum/core/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Flarum

**[Flarum](https://flarum.org/) is a delightfully simple discussion platform for your website.** It's fast and easy to use, with all the features you need to run a successful community. It is designed to be:

* **Fast and simple.** No clutter, no bloat, no complex dependencies. Flarum is built with PHP so it’s quick and easy to deploy. The interface is powered by Mithril, a performant JavaScript framework with a tiny footprint.

* **Beautiful and responsive.** This is forum software for humans. Flarum is carefully designed to be consistent and intuitive across platforms, out-of-the-box.

* **Powerful and extensible.** Customize, extend, and integrate Flarum to suit your community. Flarum’s architecture is amazingly flexible, with a powerful Extension API.

## Installation

This repository contains Flarum's core code. If you want to set up a forum, visit the [Flarum skeleton repository](https://github.com/flarum/flarum).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to Flarum! Please read the **[Contributing guide](https://flarum.org/docs/contributing.html)** to learn how you can help.

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Flarum, please send an e-mail to [security@flarum.org](mailto:security@flarum.org). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed. More details can be found in our [security policy](https://github.com/flarum/core/security/policy).

## License

Flarum is open-source software licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/flarum/flarum/blob/master/LICENSE).
